[Hackweek 2023] Experimental Vale config (#7696)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/tracing/distributed-tracing.mdx

In our example, every transaction other than the initial browser page-load transaction is the child of a span in another service, which means that every root span other than the browser transaction root has a parent span (albeit in a different service).

> In a fully instrumented system (one in which every service has tracing enabled) this pattern will always hold true. The only parentless span will be the root of the initial transaction; every other span will have a parent. Further, parents and children will always live in the same service, except in the case where the child span is the root of a child transaction, in which case the parent span will live in the calling service and the child transaction/child root span will live in the called service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a fully-instrumented system (one in which every service has tracing enabled) this pattern will always hold true. The only parentless span will be the root of the initial transaction; every other span will have a parent. Further, parents and children will always live in the same service, except in the case where the child span is the root of a child transaction, in which case the parent span will live in the calling service and the child transaction/child root span will live in the called service.
```

> Put another way, a fully instrumented system creates a trace which is itself a connected tree - with each transaction a subtree - and in that tree, the boundaries between subtrees/transactions are precisely the boundaries between services. The diagram above shows one branch of our example's full trace tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put another way, a fully-instrumented system creates a trace which is itself a connected tree - with each transaction a subtree - and in that tree, the boundaries between subtrees/transactions are precisely the boundaries between services. The diagram above shows one branch of our example's full trace tree.
```

  - 1 span for the authentication query
  - 1 span for the query retrieving data

> To wrap up the example: after instrumenting all of your services, you might discover that - for some reason - it's the auth query in your database server that is making things slow, accounting for more than half of the time it takes for your entire page load process to complete. Tracing can't tell you _why_ that's happening, but at least now you know where to look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To wrap up the example: after instrumenting all of your services, you might discover that - for some reason - it's the auth query in your database server that is making things slow, accounting for more than half of the time it takes for your entire page load process to complete. Tracing won't be able to tell you _why_ that's happening, but it will show you where to look.
```

- `description`: longer description of the span's operation, which uniquely identifies the span but is consistent across instances of the span (optional)
- `status`: short code indicating operation's status (optional)
- `tags`: key-value pairs holding additional data about the span (optional)

> - `data`: arbitrarily structured additional data about the span (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data`: arbitrarily-structured additional data about the span (optional)
```

#### Nested Spans

> Though our examples above had four levels in their hierarchy (trace, transaction, span, child span) there's no set limit to how deep the nesting of spans can go. There are, however, practical limits: transaction payloads sent to Sentry have a maximum allowed size, and as with any kind of logging, there's a balance to be struck between the granularity vs. usability of your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though our examples above had four levels in their hierarchy (trace, transaction, span, child span) there's no set limit to how deep the nesting of spans can go. There are, however, practical limits: transaction payloads sent to Sentry have a maximum allowed size, and as with any kind of logging, there has to be a balance between the granularity and the usability of your data.
```

#### Zero-duration Spans

It's possible for a span to have equal start and end times, and therefore be recorded as taking no time. This can occur either because the span is being used as a marker (such as is done in [the browser's Performance API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance/mark)) or because the amount of time the operation took is less than the measurement resolution (which will vary by service).

#### Clock Skew

> If you are collecting transactions from multiple machines, you will likely encounter **clock skew**, where timestamps in one transaction don't align with timestamps in another. For example, if your backend makes a database call, the backend transaction logically should start before the database transaction does. But if the system time on each machine (those hosting your backend and database, respectively) isn't synced to a common standard, it's possible that won't be the case. It's also possible for the ordering to be correct, but for the two recorded time frames to not line up in a way that accurately reflects what actually happened. To reduce this possibility, we recommend using Network Time Protocol (NTP) or your cloud provider's clock synchronization services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are collecting transactions from multiple machines, you will likely encounter **clock skew**, where timestamps in one transaction don't align with timestamps in another. For example, if your backend makes a database call, the backend transaction logically should start before the database transaction does. But if the system time on each machine (those hosting your backend and database, respectively) isn't synced to a common standard, it's possible that won't be the case. It's also possible for the ordering to be correct, but for the two recorded timeframes to not line up in a way that accurately reflects what actually happened. To reduce this possibility, we recommend using Network Time Protocol (NTP) or your cloud provider's clock synchronization services.
```
